feat: add volumes in references (#424)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/reference/volumes.rst

Volumes
-------

This section lists the different persistent volume claims that are created during a standard deployment of Substra in a cluster.

Orchestrator
************

The orchestrator claims are only linked with its database. This database (and the underlying volume) is important has it is where we store all the events that happen in the network.

+--------------+--------------+----------+---------------------------------+--------------------------+---------------+----------------+---------------+----------------------------------------------+---------+

> |   PVC name   |  Component   |   Pod    |           access mode           | Volume Size default (Gi) | storage class | reclaim policy | Can be reused |                How to re use                 | Comment |

Reviewer: Having a comment column in this table is a bit weird since it's always empty.

+==============+==============+==========+=================================+==========================+===============+================+===============+==============================================+=========+
| Postgres PVC | orchestrator | postgres | ReadWriteOnce (can be modified) | 8                        | <empty>       | default        | yes           | postgresql.primary.persistence.existingClaim |         |
+--------------+--------------+----------+---------------------------------+--------------------------+---------------+----------------+---------------+----------------------------------------------+---------+

Backend
*******

> The backend is the more compolex component and requires different volumes for functioning. The ones that requires to be kept are re-usable and can be created outside of the deployment of the Substra stack. The other ones act as cache, and there is no way for now to re-use existing volumes using the Helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend is the most complex component and it requires different volumes. Volumes that should be persisted on the long term, are re-usable and can be created outside of the deployment of the Substra stack. It is not currently possible to re-use existing volumes for the other ones (acting as cache).
```
Ensure about my rewording proposition for the first kind of volumes, since I guess all the volumes listed here are persistent volumes, technically 🙃

+---------------------+-----------+------------+---------------------------------+--------------------------+---------------+----------------+---------------+----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+

> |      PVC name       | Component |    Pod     |           access mode           | Volume Size default (Gi) | storage class | reclaim policy | Can be reused |                How to re use                 |                      Comment                       |

Reviewer: Capitalisation of the PVC name column does not feel consistent, should we use the kube name here? if that's already the case, shall it be put in monospace font?

Author: I will harmonize the capitalization. I cannot put the name of the PVC, as some of them can use already existing volumes, and the other ones are generated using current namespace, deployment name etc...

| Minio PVC           | backend   | minio      | ReadWriteOnce (can be modified) | 8                        | <empty>       | default        | yes           | minio.persistence.existingClaim              | Only created when `minio.enabled = true`           |
+---------------------+-----------+------------+---------------------------------+--------------------------+---------------+----------------+---------------+----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| Redis PVC           | backend   | redis      | ReadWriteOnce (can be modified) | 8                        | <empty>       | default        | yes           | redis.master.persistence.existingClaim       |                                                    |
+---------------------+-----------+------------+---------------------------------+--------------------------+---------------+----------------+---------------+----------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+

> | Kaniko cache warmer | backend   | builder    | ReadWriteOnce                   | 10                       | <empty>       | default        | No            |                                              |                                                    |

Reviewer: No -> no (match capitalisation to yes)
